okay everyone so as you can see Luxio is
here in this competition and stuff wires
looks your back pepper on it audience
demand and sadness besides if we didn't
I'm sure stinks boy already nine hours
to do so at one point so let's do it now
and make sure you never lie to us I
guess that's good now with this espero
yeah let's look through the initial
piano is incredibly that is right well
my my bar that now since I'm not feel
like it hey let's see always on the
ready skills yes Luxio is back yes and
I'll see that segue to steer that I
mention so did I you hear you got up and
got on back guys after only one episode
of me actually be voice I am back and
ready for action I'm gonna be miss it's
good to see waiver again Shh back cos q
oq everyone so we all have to figure out
who owned it I don't know about you I me
and then I heard under the helper try to
outwit affects every if you know I then
well that's great scissor scissor is
supposed to be here actually I'm part i
became partly on to the episode after
you left well but it is true you know
that while you guys know meet you all
right just don't being you I swear I
possibly the statue berries over there
okay those where there's no doubt that
nope good anyway I think we should have
met one of the two girls say didn't come
fast enough well let me think well their
mouth has very new and the punisher near
this horse season well I'll see you to
that venom off now really took out
nipani she's more of a threat but I
can't rap okay
hey Shh here's the truth I care for our
honey that's of course this is me we
become friends he like L arrival leaves
like two people we met or hate each
other but their boyfriends are friends
oh it's more like Mila plenty of friends
in I said am I wrong no more lies as a
friend I'm just sure man I'm sure manoir
doesn't like me one bit mostly because
that's because much I am pretty good
with his girlfriend but I really don't
want to see the panic go today she's a
nice person and I'll see what's wrong
okay everyone let's hear you get the
first one x time to give that to you now
hey ice the ice 5dolls sucks for me
you're testing two aren't you all
you yay so if you get one you're safe if
you don't you're limited and wise one
stone your head because my arms are too
often do well to all right to do so
enough are you answer that last episode
I didn't feel like it anyway where's
right yes samer sage big yea verily yea
answer good I don't you yeah we can't go
huh I just can't go home no honey if
it's down the since it's down to unity I
hope I I hope nothing happens I don't
know if you I pay you 100 pass on the
season after you 100 bucks from the
season 0 now the and if you go
i'll take you to your wonderful parent
when the season's over I'm okay with
that in the last doll goes to chasing
around your bodies Wow no hate me i'm
tired so it's still me why me why me
like you do it look honey why yeah why
do I have the dumbest feeling it's just
from that you worked here in this half
and let's hear he was right there was it
didn't even leave the luncheon you guys
had a secret alliance
Oh bunny okay I'll decide you know honey
I didn't vote for you right I didn't
vote for you but I didn't want to see
you go they use your fault for them off
our land ok that why do you wanna see
you go over with my day no walk out well
name good night yeah it's a hurry gonna
need it now yep I'm scared usually yeah
I had sort look honey you can't go sorry
scissor but just try to wait for try to
run for not only me left nine tails and
even magma on for all of us and do
your best okay well I gotta get well I
had a good time here i also put on have
it asked to pray on to buy your last
season with a comb-over is where I first
then and I'll happy a minute here sepa
c12 the my life could buy yeah and with
her gone the royalty at the world up
only leverage getting stuck crying
because she's the early bunny brookmont
and this entire franchise hey besides
resides within the four thousand sir hey
he returned he will be underneath next
time he will join next time huh the
racism and he well be very live what
already won't watch us episode no I'm
trying no I got that one thank God when
I next time next episode of TV a puppy
actors Yuri oh no Chris we found some
wood powder and ira humid but go on okay
you sound different what do you mean
other guys yeah I look stylish
oks to use others I guess you found the
unit batter well people again so you
gonna treat you can see them human form
okay that's where i right get us out of
USA or silver and then I'm like Antone
de Carolis already do enough goodbye